Task Manager
Short description
Write a program that performs the basic functions of the task scheduler. Interaction with the user is carried out through the console.

Detailed description
The task scheduler consists of a task log, a user interface for adding and removing a task, as well as a system for alerting the user to an event, i.e. in the time planned for the scheduler, something must happen that tells the user that he has a certain task planned (see below).
The task log should be stored on disk and loaded at program startup, and also saved when exiting. The file format can be arbitrary, if desired, you can use XML.
As the user interface is the console. By certain commands, the user can delete scheduled tasks, add new ones with the necessary parameters (see the point below).

Parameters of the planned task:
- name
- description
- the time (date) of notification
- contacts
The implementation of the scheduler must be performed according to the following principles. A functional that implements the task log, the user interface and the notification system, as well as the task log itself, must be in different classes. Those. user interface in a separate class, work with the task log in a separate, the magazine itself in a separate and the notification system in a separate. These classes can communicate with each other through interfaces, but none of them should implement the logic of the other.
Requirements
(* Mandatory requirements are marked)
1. The implementation of the Task Scheduler must correspond to the above mentioned principles. *
2. Intuitive user interface. *
3. Presence of functions for adding and deleting tasks, saving them to the general log of tasks to disk. * (+ Additional scores for the use of XML format)
4. User notification system. * (+ Additional points for using Swing, + additional points for additional functionality with "complete" or "postpone" task)
5. The code must satisfy the Code Conventions and is supplied with JavaDoc.
Job Modifications
1. Use of various notification systems (basic, audio signal + output to the console, launch of another program written in Java).
2. The format for storing the task log on disk: a text file, serialized objects, XML, a compressed text file (zip).